All right let's make this provide a model look a little bit nicer than it is now.
We're going to go back to my project here and come back to our profile.
Dodgy Yes.
I'm going to clean some of this up again.
And just Doretti use some of the code that we already have.
Let's have inside of here.
Something similar to what we already had in our seinen page or we can even use the registration page.
So let's open up the registration page and it's a big one for now just to keep things simple.
I'm going to copy this comeback here and let's make this indentation better paste our code.
That's a big one.
Let's make this smaller.
Let's see what that looks like.
Go back the profile OK.
Not bad.
We got ourselves a bit of a profile page but we don't really want register we want to customize it with
some of the profile elements that we want.
So let's go ahead and do a bit of that bit of clean up.
You're going to minimize this a little bit.
For the article.
Let's have the background be white.
It's a little too see through right now to have more of a clear model look to it also give with let's
say 80
and I kind of want to have our profile icon on here so I can go back to my profile whereas our profile
like on right here and just use this little image for now in the future you can imagine uploading users
profile in this year.
But for now just to keep things simple let's add this image
and we'll move some of these CSSA styles again just to make it look good.
And then we ideally perhaps want to have some H-1 tag that has the user name.
It's all the say John Doe we maybe want to have a name for tag that says and says image sibbe knitted
by our images submitted and this will have the number of count that they've submitted.
Let's just say for now on these are things we're going to load up once be hooked into the basket and
maybe we can have another thing that says that this user has been a member since I was just in January
for now just something static and just to make things pretty maybe a horizontal line.
All right let's start to remove some of these things that we don't need here so we can just remove the
legend field set.
And Deb I'm going to remove that whereas the field site
so let's remove the field cells because we don't really need it anymore.
And let's say we don't need the legend Either we can just keep the must labels remove the label for
this one as well.
A bit of quick clean up here.
Let's say that we don't really need this day of wrapping either.
Just to keep things a little bit cleaner we don't need this
perfect look of that.
Things are already looking nice and clean.
And I'm just going to remove this terribly.
All right a little bit cleaner let's save see how that looks so far if I go to View profile a little
bit better look at that we have the icon the name images submitted member and that looks still a little
bit ugly so let's fix that up.
Want to first fix the indentation is she going to remove this measure as well since we don't really
need it.
Let's fix it in notation over here.
That's a lot better.
All right let's start off with the label we want to have a few different classes for the label now we'll
have margin top to font weight of six that should be good enough.
And this will be for the user name field.
So let's just say user name and we'll just use something like that.
For the input OAB type text the name will be for the user name and then for the class name we can just
keep some of this you don't need to worry about input resets.
We don't really want a transparent background.
And you know just to keep things simple I just want to say with those 100 that's good enough for us
and perhaps we can have a placeholder
that is the name that we want for now.
Just keep it at
John and we will have an onchange event.
So I can just remove that.
And you know what just so I don't keep doing this.
I'm going to use whatever we have now which I kind of like if we check back here go to View Profile.
Yeah that looks a lot better.
I'm going to just copy and paste these fields over here and change them to a few of the different types
list you want for page
leaseholder will just be 56 for now.
It's going to be for user age.
Heidi over age as well.
And this one let's just say they also have a pact that they can have had it's going to be a pet dragon
username.
Pat idea of Pat let's save let's have a look.
All right.
Not bad.
It's looking pretty good.
And then maybe at the bottom we can add some buttons that say we'll have a save and a cancel so that
we can update our profile we'll give it a class name margin top of for and you know what I'm going to
give it some special styles as well.
We'll do display
flaks just to keep everything nice and centered justify
of space evenly matched should be good.
Make sure we close that div tag
and within here we can just have a button that again has a class name and just using some tag counts
here.
We're going to do a few things here I'm just gonna copy and paste this to the other button as well.
So one's going to be for Save one is gonna be for cancell.
So this button is going to be our save one
and we'll have another button
that will be Canso.
Let's say that give that a go.
We'll see how it looks.
Hey better.
I think some of our sailing can be improved year.
We want to make sure that this is going to be red instead of blue because it is cancell and not space
even the space even Lee has better.
I think that's why I wasn't keeping the buns to get all look at that now looks WAY nicer.
All right look at that.
We have ourselves a profile.
And you know what.
Everything looks good.
Except the buns don't do anything and we probably need an X button over here as well.
So let's do that.
We'll give the class castle one a toggle moto or on click that is
toggle motile and you can see here with re-act you're doing a lot of repetition but once you get the
hang of it everything flows nicely and it makes sense you just keep adding events adding components
and it's a nice way to build something quite fast actually.
So we have the toggle motile and lets out an X of the top here.
Or maybe at the bottom over here should the cancel.
We can just add.
So right at the top over here we can just give it a div of class name will create a new class C assess
class year to make it look better.
And again we're going to give it or not a click of toggle modal and will be a giant x that will have.
So let's give that a go or to save go back here view profile and look at that.
Some bad.
All right.
There's actually a nicer X that I can get.
And this is just a nicer way of creating that X-1 that you see everywhere with modals and you just do
and symbol and then times semi-coma and you see that it changes.
So I'm going to say that and also at some modal close classes or so the modal close will out the modal
close
will give it the font size of the SCO three R.E.M..
So a pretty big font style new style of bold and maybe give it a cursor of pointer as well.
And we also want to have a hover class.
So let's just do modal close.
However And we'll just do a color of gray when we hover over it and a cursor that is pointer let's say
if give it a go view profile look at that.
That's not too bad.
If we click Cancel the modal closes if we click View profile and say it doesn't do anything good because
it we're going to be working on that.
If I click Close it also closes.
And then finally to finish up what we've just done make sure that the sign out feature works as well.
I'm going to say is signed in to false is our route to sign in and test one last feature.
To make sure that it's all working.
And then after this we get to some fun logic sign out.
Perfect.
I'll see in the next video.